we are in front of the Palaolympic Isozaki where for the whole week it goes on stage
saltimbanco of the second soleil the first the most prestigious show of this
multinational company seen by more than 11 million spectators throughout the
world and we have the exclusive right to bring you backstage during the
workouts of this wonderful production
cable here to the backspace if you soleil with maxim chaz bono which is responsible
communication of the great emotion if we have here beside us
all the tools the Chinese pole
for example that creates one of the most suggestive scenes and that is realized with
the avant-garde technique is not covered with rubber but sprinkled with a
very special glue
almost exclusive of the Serchio
around us there are all the costumes and hairstyles
which are hairstyles created specifically for artists
and that they are all built love to
it is a huge asset because the artists followed als irc that in
everything and everything is in the preparation of their costume of their hair
but also
and in the small requests year is a staff that follows the physiotherapists
to follow in the tour to take care of their important e
preparing his hand you can olly we have to spot rossano loving
petardas
sky news
this moment on a swing man snores more than twenty artists
train
per elisa assists Wednesday evening there was the first of saltimbanco i
Salerno artists every day to ensure the safety and cleanliness of the
their number
and every afternoon before the show the scene at the stage e
divider on the times for the artists who train at the Chinese alaba pole his
so the Russian swing and all the air numbers like the rubber bands yes
there may be live chat
this is a hat created specifically for fights for the head of
a single artist is an astra baroque hair
let my pause be glad, each of these hairstyles created by gods by hand
craftsmen love to with a thorough work of more than 80 hours and then there
they are all unique pieces, each one different from the other and each artist has them
one that is truly exclusive
we see very clearly the order of the show with all the artists written
that take part in my scene such that at any time of the
show
in this place where they prepare know
with a certain warning tell me they are about to enter
- I'm at work we're a few hours before the show starts
this moment is there
an expert a medical specialist who is working on the fitness of one
of the artists
and what is your role in this show and what we will see on the scene
assessment
steelworks one of the course of the Chinese stake number and is also an interpreter at the
number of
Russian swing cost
king cakes create
Pole noises there are very hard physically so we have to do the
possible because the technique that athletes develop is not the best that
allow him for years of
work right now
in the show party techniques his can the can do for years and years shirts
narrow duff makes the shore look good
handle